# Welcome to Silver's C# Project Tools documentation.

Silver's C# Project Tools is a package for Unity game engine. It makes C# project
files generated by Unity more consistent and reduces project reload time.
Also it allows you to add StyleCop analyzers to project files.

This tool currently works only on Windows.

At this point the project tested only with Unity 2018.2 and Visual Studio 2017 (v. 15.9).

Project generation hook is based on functionality provided by Visual Studio Unity Bridge. Visual Studio must be installed with "Game development with Unity" payload.

## Preview version notice

Please be aware that this project is currently in beta stage and functionality may change without preserving
backward compatibility.

## Installation

Copy plugin source code to `Packages/tech.silvers.csharpprojecttools` in your Unity project.

## Usage

To add StyleCop to C# project create a `stylecop.json` file in the same directory where assembly definition file is placed. For default assemblies create `stylecop.json` file in `Assets` directory.

[How to configure StyleCop using `stylecop.json` file](https://github.com/DotNetAnalyzers/StyleCopAnalyzers/blob/master/documentation/Configuration.md).

## Modifications in csproj

The following modifications are applied to C# project files:
* Define constants are sorted. This fixes order of defines sometimes changing randomly.
* Item groups are separated by item type and items are sorted.
* Fixes slashes in paths to files.

## Versioning

Version numbers are assigned as described in [semantic versioning specification](https://semver.org/).

## License

The project is licensed under MIT license. See License.md for full license text.

## Contribution

If you want to fix a bug, implement a new feature or improve documentation or tests,
you are welcome to submit a pull request.

Before implementing a new feature please discuss it with author to make sure that he
shares your point of view and your pull request will be merged.
